Reset dataloaders on failure in tuner (#14372)
Lightning-AI/lightning: src/pytorch_lightning/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed wrong num padding for `RichProgressBar` ([#14296](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14296))

> - Fixed an issue to reset dataloaders on OOM failure in batch size finder ([#14372](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14372))

Author: ```suggestion
- Reset the dataloaders on OOM failure in batch size finder to use the last successful batch size ([#14372](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14372))
```

> - Fixed an issue to keep downscaling the batch size in case there hasn't been even a single successful optimal batch size with `mode="power"` ([#14372](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14372))

Author: grammarly says ok
